New ADCHEM model results using the 250x250 m resolution FRES emission inventory for Finland.

9/6 2017:
The model gives substantially higher particle number concentrations than the observations at SMEAR III at 5 m altitude 
but at 45 m altitude their is more reasonable agreement. 
The O3 concentrations are in reasonable agreement with the observations at SMEAR III but the diurnal trend in the O3 
concentration is stronger in the model.
THe SO2 concentration is low and on the right order of magnitude.

14/6 2017:
The model underestimate the particle number concentration during the moring 0-6 am but seem to overestimates the particle number
size distribution during the day 9-21. In the evening 21-24 the modelled particle number size distribution agrees well with the observations.
The O3 concentrations are in reasonable agreement with the observations at SMEAR III but the diurnal trend in the O3 
THe SO2 concentration is low and on the right order of magnitude.


5/12 2017:
Generally good agreement between the modelled and observed (SMEAR III) particle number size distributions.
THe model tend to underestimate the particle number concentration during the early moring 3-6 am and in the evening 9-12 pm.
The O3 concentration is much lower in the model compared to the observations (~2 ppb compared to around ~20 ppb).
The reason why the model gives very low O3 concentration is that the air masses are comming from North West without any or very low sun light.
The NOx trend is relatively well captured by the model.
THe SO2 concentration is low and on the right order of magnitude.

7/12 2017:
The shape of the particle number size distributions and the trend in the total particle concentration agree very well 
between the model and SMEAR III but the model tend to  underestimate the particle number concentrations until the afternoon. 
During the evening 3-12 pm the modelled particle number concentrations agree very well with the observations.
Again the model severely underestimates the O3 concentrations (<1 ppb compared to ~20 ppb in the observations). 
THe SO2 concentration is low and on the right order of magnitude. 
NOx concentration is underestimated during the day between 8-15.

  